[:BUGS]

VP BUGS:
(X = fixed; last housekeeping 1/9,v195)
1/15,v199
XX   Splice to End or Start with Transition places impossibly
     high number in new numeric dialog.  Crash if you OK.  Also,
     if you cancel, it proceeds with a straight splice anyway.
XX   Macro Repeat: Also generates impossibly high number in
     numeric dialog.
???  Composite: The "Abort Multiple..." alert is not keeping
     track of the current frame number when you use it more than
     once on different frame ranges of the same fli.
XX   Composite: Overlay (keep current colors) alters certain
     colors of the incoming fli screen depending on which
     register is in the Key Color slot -- making it near
     impossible to establish a clear Key Color for the incoming
     fli.
XX   Cross-fade: Use Overlay Ink on Cross-fade doesn't do a color
     fit on resident fli.
???  Composite: Overlay (Combine Colors) alters the key color
     register (and its color).
XX   Pack to ST or Amiga is still generating psuedo colors.
XX   Grid doesn't use current Ink.  (I know, For What? you ask. 
     But the Stencil Paste does, and it would at least be
     consistent.)
???  Trails: Still getting Out of Memory from Trails.  This time,
     alternating between Trails and setting a Spline path in the
     Optics menu.  Keep getting Out of Memory on first attempt to
     draw spline path.
???  Optics: Losing spline path preview after first drawing it,
     then canceling out of Multi-frame menu and going back to
     preview it from the Optics menu.
-    (Sorry, no idea.  Talk with Microsoft.)
	 Microsoft Mouse: The Microsoft Mouse control panel does not
     display properly in Video Paint.  You'll probably find the
     control panel (CPANEL) in your MOUSE1 directory on C:.  Type
     CPANEL to install it; type CPANEL OFF to deinstall it.  Once
     it's installed, hold down [Ctrl][Alt] and press either mouse
     button to display the control panel.  It's designed to
     adjust the mouse sensitivity.  In Video Paint, it shows up
     as a black-on-black box.
1/9, v195 (including housekeeping)
-    In the Optics menu, set any of the Turns sliders to a minus
     number.  When you Preview the move, the sliders will move
     one step toward zero.  (The preview move, however, will not
     be affected.)
???    Got a "divide by zero" error while adjusting something in
     the Timing menu.  Couldn't repeat it.  Will report again if
     I find it.
XXX    Time menu: Numeric entry boxes accept the number even when
     you right-click to exit.  As a matter of interface, these
     Add Frame or Delete Frame boxes should probably come up with
     a default of zero frames so the user doesn't accidentally
     add or delete frames without choosing to.
XXX    Still getting cookie crashes on using open splines for optic
     paths. (Last one was 5b190004) Doesn't seem to happen quit
     as automatically now.  Lets me get a few steps away before
     springing a surprise crash.  Seems to have something to do
     with what happens at the end of the path -- you can see,
     during preview, the wireframe jump away at the very end.  I
     also managed to get a complete fli of the bug (BUGSPLN.ARC
     in my filespace).  The fli is an attempt to use a path on a
     spline, in the last frames, you can watch the vectors go
     crazy.
XXX    Can no longer draw open, non-filled polys or curves to a
     single frame.  However, if you do a reuse, it applies the
     correct shape to the multiple frames.
-    Text: [Tab] no longer jumps ahead.  Now, it doesn't work as
     a [Tab].  But, main problem is it generates a carriage
     return on next keypress.
XXX    Is Cross-Fade gone forever?
-    Enlarge all the way no longer generates instant divide-by-
     zero crash, but... If you try it on a cel about 1-inch
     square from the center of a 19-frame anim, and actually
     render it, you'll get a cookie: 93/6a9e0004.
-    Can we please straighten out the reversed X/Y Spin axes
     sliders and buttons?  Please?
-    Floppy drive bug still very much alive on my system.
-    An erratic bug keeps appearing after a period of use where
     you can't enter either the Optic or the Palette menus.  Quit
     and rerun the program to fix it.
-    Still having problems with Move to First.  I lost my
     wireframe cel completely after using it.  (It was probably
     somewhere far off the screen.)
XXX  Preview of Pack Colors from Multi-frame menu doesn't display
     the packed image.
XXX  Optics Preview doesn't reflect the timing change which
     occurs when Segment is selected.
v193
XXX    Cookie crashes while using open splines for optic path. 
     (Most easily recreated using small, 19-frame, animations. 
     Also, I was using it on splines or cels.)
v189
XXX    Missing Underlay composites.  (I, personally, look on this
     as more of a bug than a feature.)
X-   "Temp File Truncated" alert on most composites.
v188
-    Aborted preview of Screen ado from Multi-frame menu, while
     using Dark Ink, and got "Not a Pic File" alert.  Also left
     mucho trash on several frames.
-    Rotate reacts to Stencil, Stretch does whole different
     thing:  If using Opaque Ink, it ignores Stencil.  If using
     another Ink, like Glass, it applies that ink in the Stencil
     area and applies Opaque Ink in non-Stencil area.
X-   Shuttle Bar should not display frames while moving
     backwards.  (This is a mod. you asked us to put in the bug
     list as a reminder.)
-    Initial display frame of incoming composite file uses
     register zero as clear instead of current Key color.
12/28, v186
-    Color Undo does not work on Interface color changes.
-    Palette load while Multi-frame is active asks if you want to
     fit colors.  If you choose not to, the palette load doesn't
     take effect.
X-   Time menu doesn't adapt to palette changes when moving to a
     new frame.
-    Spliced FLI takes on speed of resident FLI.  (Not sure
     whether this is a bug, a feature, or a whole can of worms. 
     I suspect the latter.)
-    Moving the Rotate cel translates the Cel position, but
     moving the Stretch cel leaves the Cel position alone. (Would
     be better if neither Rotate nor Stretch altered the original
     Cel position.)
12/23,v181 (Plus housekeeping on entire Bug List)
-    The following out of memory crash also pastes the Browse
     menu onto the screen.  I was able to repeat it most of the
     time with the following sequence:
     -    Load any pic (NAGLE12.GIF) and Grab Alt.
     -    Browse load ASTONISH.GIF.
     -    Overlay BALLS.FLI; No Fitting; Move the incoming screen
          around a bit before going on with the overlay.
     -    Abort the overlay.
     -    Browse load ASTONISH.FLI again.
     -    Do an Underlay operation of BALLS.FLI exactly the same
          as the Overlay, above.
     -    Abort the Underlay.
     -    Browse load ASTONISH.FLI.
     At this point, the screen should briefly flash red followed
     by the Out of Memory message.  Right-click to exit the menu,
     and it will probably be pasted to the screen.  With your
     next action, you'll probably crash -- though I was sometimes
     able to continue with other operations.
X-   New Clear Key Color button seems to have no effect.
X-   Pack colors with Multi button on; do a Preview from the
     multi-frame menu and screen display upon return is messed up
     to the point where you can't see the multi-frame menu to
     make a choice.
-    This is moved up from 12/7 v166 since it now generates a
     Stomping on Free Memory error (UPDATE FROM V195, NOW
     GENERATES 3e bad START_COOKIE 86ec0004):
     -    Load any animation.
     -    Activate Ease In and Still.
     -    Spin/Turns (1/360) 0/-76/0.
     -    Size Y 100/19.
     -    Preview (pretty weird right there).
     -    Render: Stomping on Free Memory.
v180
X-   Poly or Curve tweens do not reach their final, adjusted
     position, regardless of the state of the Complete button.
v176
-    Curve tool, when used with H and V Grads, picks up extra
     colors beyond the boundary defined by the control points.
X-   Last leg of a poly is sometimes not drawn in the first frame
     of a Reuse -- tween or no.  (This is in non-solid or 2-color
     only; particularly prevalent with a large brush.
X-   Right-click [M] button; right-click to exit; right-click to
     exit: Bad Cookie.
v171
X-   Can't do any mouser moves while Reverse is active.
v170
-    Move to First isn't reseting the tracks properly for the
     first mouse move.
-    Cel centering is not operating properly (aside from the fact
     that you can't yet set it with the mouse).  The default cel
     center does not stay with the cel after any kind of
     translation (Move or Path).
12/9/88,v168
-    File menus and Browse are not working properly with floppys
     drives again.  With disk in B: (my 3-1/2"), I select the B:
     path from the Browse menu and the drive light comes on...
     and stays on.  VP never finds the directory.  The only way
     out is to remove the disk and wait for time out.  (Haven't
     tried this on drive A, don't have any 5-1/4" disks right
     now.)
X-   Optical f/x: Some of the presets no longer work properly.
     (Spin Small only does a Pull Back.)
-    Optical f/x: The XY and ZY buttons are backward to their X
     and Y axes, respectively.
X-   Optical f/x: Mouser display garbage still occurs if a cel
     exists.
12/7/88,v166
-    3D F/X: X & Y sliders in Spin/Turn are backwards (I think).
-    3D F/X: Clear Track does not clear Size/Center (though it
     seems to work for all others).
X-   3D F/X Crash: Drag the Size/Enlarge slider to zero for a
     "Divide by Zero" error and crash.
X-   Fast Menu: Right-click anywhere in buttons area at the right
     to enter the Brush Size slider.
12/6/88,v164 
-    Text File-Menu Crash: Using the Tools-list window slider in
     the Tool Menu after displaying a File Menu from the Text
     Tool results in either a screen-display trash, or a crash
     (software recoverable).  Do a Load Font or Save Text, then
     click on the window slider to trash the screen; do a Load
     Text, then click on the slider to crash the system.
-    Color Undo: Yet more observations on the erratic Undo button
     in the Palette Editor menu.  It seems to restore all changes
     made since entering the Palette Editor; sometimes it
     restores the entire palette _after_ leaving and reentering
     the Palette Editor; it doesn't affect the postition of the
     RGB sliders, etc.
X-   RGB sliders are still backward (BGR).
-    3d-fx: The Mouser display wipe still occurs.
12/01/88, v162
-    File Menu filename field: This should only be changed when
     the first FLI loaded has been replaced by a new FLI --
     presumably only by a Load operation, or by the user
     specifying a new filename during a Save operation. 
     Currently, VP picks up the filename from _any_ operation in
     the Browse Menu (View, Info, Kill), and from any Overlay or
     Splice operation.  (The only one of these that might be iffy
     would be a Splice to Start, but I suspect even then that the
     name of the original file loaded should be maintained.)
X-   3D F/X: Segment Range Bar overwrites display space if the
     Range Bar is expanded to the size of a larger animation, and
     then a smaller animation is loaded.
X-   Text: Couldn't load an ASCII file until I added a .TXT
     extension to the filename. (Couldn't repeat this, but I want
     to leave this bug listing alive for awhile.)
11/27/88, v160
X-   Getting an unusually high number of Out-of-Memory alerts
     with this version -- particularly while using Trails. (Going
     to keep this listing alive for awhile.)
X-   Snap grid is one pixel off in two directions from the grab
     box used by Make Grid.
-    Palette Editor: The double-pixel (black/white) indicator
     dots are being read by the cursor during operations such as
     Set Range, etc.  You may think you're selecting the color in
     the slot, but you're actually selecting white -- or black.
11/24/88, v160
X-   Right-click on a Tool button in the Tool submenu, or an Ink
     button in the Ink submenu pastes the submenu on the main
     screen.
X-   The title of the Ink menu says "Drawing Tools."
X-   Red highlight box not working properly on newly separated
     Key Color box in Fast Menu.  Either it doesn't highlight at
     all, or it picks up a highlight from the Palette Editor and
     refuses to drop it.  (Palette Editor version of Key Color
     button works fine.)
X-   Right-click on Ink button does not highlight newly selected
     Ink when entering Ink menu.
X-   Inks not listed in alphabetical order.
11/22/88, v156
-    Undo in new Palette Editor doesn't undo RGB sliders (and
     does a pretty weird job of undoing the color changed by the
     sliders).
X-   3-D F/X: Do something without tween to a single frame (such
     as Squash), then move the mouser -- it reveals what appears
     to be the undo buffer.  Do another Squash of the first, then
     move the mouser again for yet more revelations.
-    Can't use macros (realtime or otherwise) with 3-D F/X. 
     During Preview or Render the macro moves continue and it
     jumps ahead of itself.
11/21/88, v155
X-   Select Copy in drop-down of new color editor and system
     freezes: no mouse, no visible change; just can't do
     anything.  Software reset won't work, I have to power off.
-    Splice: Incoming frame repositioning is implemented but
     ignored.
-    Jump To Frame jumps one frame number off of the number input
     in the dialog box.
X-   RGB sliders in new color editor are BGR sliders.
-    Undo button in color editor is acting like Undo on Fast
     Menu, e.g., after loading a new picture, enter color editor
     and click on Undo -- the current picture will be replaced by
     the earlier picture.
-    Transparent Cross Fade does a best fit when not asked to.
-    Browse: Click on Path in Browse menu overwrites a portion of
     the screen with a copy of the path field.
11/17/88, v150
X    Click on Undo in Color Palette Menu blanks menu.
X-   Browse: Filename of file loaded from Browse is not put in
     File field of Load/Save File Menus.
-    Clue on psuedo-color generate by Amiga/ST color Pack
     (described 10/8/88): The false colors are not recognized by
     the Range function (e.g., if you select one of the pseudo
     colors as a Start color, VP will ramp it based on its actual
     color value).

11/15/88, v148
-    Stretch & Rotate pastes ignore the Mask.

11/13/88, v147
X-   Repeated pressing of [Tab] in Text edit box offsets cursor
     from the actual text entry position.
X-   Drop-down Separate doesn't work in Zoom mode.
-    Dragging the position of the screen during the beginning of
     an Underlay operation actually drags the current screen
     instead of the incoming Underlay screen.
-    During Overlay operation, Key Transparency setting in Cel
     Options drop-down affects the incoming screen during initial
     drag-adjust, but doesn't affect actual Overlay operation.

11/10/88
X-   Can't drag reversed Stretch cel.
X-   Stretch trashes screen.
X-   I/O can't avoid missing disk DOS error (Abort, Retry, Fail)
     which also trashes screen.
X-   Browse: Both A: and B: buttons highlight when choosing B:.
X-   Browse: Deleted file remains displayed.
X-   Browse: 
     1.   Delete some FLIs.
     2.   Try to View one.
     3.   Upon screen refresh, VP keeps trying to find each
          deleted file and displays each ones empty box but with
          its title.
X-   Overlay screen trash:
     1.   Move Overlay menu before choosing option.
     2.   Select file to overlay.
     3.   First frame is offset according to menu move.


11/9
X-   Crash: 
          1.   Clip a small image.
          2.   Drag a Path with [M] set to on.
          3.   Right-click on menu title.
          4.   Right-click anywhere on screen.

X-   Screen trashing:  Move the Transform menu elswhere on
     screen, then Rotate or Stretch anywhere within the
     horizontal scan area of the menu.

X-   Stretch and Rotate lose the key color (no transparency).

11/7/88

X- Some kind of horrible, unrepeatable memory trashing error
related to Rotate or Stretch.  Can't repeat on cue, but it has
happened several times.  Last time the sequence was:
     1.   Grab Alt
     2.   Use Poly in Opaque Key color to remove all but about a
          half-inch by 3-inch area.
     3.   Clip (Tab) the area.
     4.   Clear the screen.
     5.   Rotate counter-clockwise about 45 degrees.
     6.   Clip the result.
     7.   Move to next frame.
     8.   Return to preceding frame.
     9.   Scale the image...Bad Start Cookie.

10/8/88

-    Pack to ST or Amiga sometimes creates a psuedo color
     (usually with a 64 color intensity somewhere).  It depends
     on the GIF file it's done to, but you can check it with the
     CLOWN.GIF pic.  When you pack this picture to the Amiga 32,
     the 32nd color will be false and, if you choose to repack,
     it will indicate there are 33 colors even though you just
     packed it to 32.  Same with pack to 16, only with the 16th
     color and there'll be 17 colors on repack.

X-   Color fit is coming one step too late for proper Palette
     menu display, i.e., when you ramp a batch of colors, the
     entire Palette menu may become unreadable until you leave
     the menu.

