VPAINT DETAILS (3/19/89)

Brush: Brush Shapes & Get Brush.

(Next two are Doug Thomas priorities, as well as ours.)

Save Range

Flip Range: Loop thru range until key-click.  If this isn't
possible, how about a Loop 5.

Inks: Edge In.

Summa Tablet support.

Color: A post-processing palette filter that goes through all
disparate palettes and fits them to avoid flicker during
playback.  (Does Blend accomplish this?)

Display: Toggle cursor coordinate display on or off, and/or
toggle coordinate position on screen.

Effects: Some of these are inconsistent:
     Trails: Should work according to time-select settings.
     Number: Should work according to time-select settings.
     Shrinkx2: Place shrunken image at Zoom window location.
     Pixelate: If set to 1x1, should not take the time to do it.

(First item high priority.  Second, medium.  Third "would be
nice."  Fourth, very low priority.)

Trails (semantics): Change "Ink Zero Clear" to "Key Color Clear." 
(At least, I _think_  Ink Zero is the key color.  Quite honestly,
I've never been able to remember which is which.)

Inks: A true Brighten.  (Jack's favorite.)

Mask/Grid/Optics: Use menu red or white for viewing the mask,
grid, and path.  (You said red wouldn't always display.  But with
the forced menu display, the red will display more often than the
current color.  I find that I'm constantly try to see a mask that
uses the same color as I just created it with.  Same think is
always happening with Optics paths.)

Numeric sliders: A zeroing function.  (We're talking only the
sliders that have a zero center position.  Optics X/Y/Z, for
example.)

Optics: Coordinate readouts on mouser actions.

Segment Range Bar: Remove arrow shape.

Stretch/Rotate: Coordinate readouts.

Titling: Would be nice to have Titling menu look like the rest of
VP menus (buttons, etc.)  Not much room, but I've put together a
possible mock-up in my filespace (titling.gif).

Composite: A way to combine colors on anim. merges without
shuffling the two palettes. (Maintain them as two blocks.)

SEMANTICS

(Except for the last note, you'll find that all of these are
strictly "consistency" notes having to do with alerts and stuff
that no longer match changed names or functions.  I ran through
the whole program and hope I found them all, but there are bound
to be a few that may pop up later.)

Browse: Change "Browse Video" to "Browse Flics"

Curve tool to Spline tool.

Near Color: Change alert and status lines to use "Near" instead
of Close.

Squeeze alert: "Squeeze to how many colors?"

Last option of temporary drive alert should read Cancel instead
of Exit.  Same with Adjust Clock Menu.

Also, got a note from Leah, who thinks that 'Draw Tools' in the
Vpaint menu sounds like a command because Draw can be taken as a
verb.  I agree, but can't see any point in widening the menu to
fit Drawing Tools.  Ideal would be to shorten both Draw Tools and
Ink Types to 'Tools' and 'Inks,' since that's the way they're
mentioned in the docs, but I can't think of an alternative to
'Titling' (which uses the T).  Anyway, I'm including her comment
here, for what it's worth.
