.
Message  1:
From jpowell Mon Mar  6 09:31:16 1989
Return-Path: <jpowell>
Received: by acad.uucp  (3.2/SMI-3.2)
        id AA08817; Mon, 6 Mar 89 09:31:10 PST
Date: Mon, 6 Mar 89 09:31:10 PST
From: jpowell (Jack Powell)
Message-Id: <8903061731.AA08817@acad.uucp >
To: jkent
Subject: Clicking mice
Status: R


Good news.  I think three minor changes (at least I _think_ they're minor)
will take care of all the mouse-click stuff.  Right now, if you click, then
move the cel, then right-click, it aborts the Paste operation.  In Stretch,
Turn, and Text, if you click inside the cel, move, then right-click, it
yanks the cel back to its previous position.  Change the yank to an abort
for these three operations, and the new Paste clicks will be supported by
most of the similar operations.

Re the Optics drop-downs, here's a rethink on the original Optics outline
I made up (with extra comments).

OPTICS
        CLEAR ALL (was No Motion.  Also needs an alert, I think.)
        PRESETS
                PULL-BACK
                SPIN
                TWIRL
                ETC.
(I know you won't want to put the presets inside a list dialog, but
I thought I'd suggest it anyway.  It avoids the confusion of haveing
"motion" presets on the same screen as a Motion drop-down menu.  It
also avoids renameing Spin-Small, Squash, and Pull-Back because of
init-letter conflicts.  And, it cleans up the Optics drop-down.  AND,
I don't use them alot anyway.  (OK, so a personal bias.)
        FILES...

ELEMENTS (I refer in the docs to the type of object being moved as an
         'graphic element.'  And I've switched this menu ahead of
          Motion, because I think the logical sequence of operation in
          the Optics menu is to first select the type of graphic
          element you want to move.
        FLICS  (by the way, is this how Autodesk spells it?)
        CEL
        POLYGON
        SPLINE
        --------
        OUTLINE
MOTION
        IN SLOW
        OUT SLOW ('In Ease' and 'Out Ease' make less sense, and we need
         two different letters.  The animation book I got used the
        terms Slow In and Slow Out for the same effect as the current
        Ease in, so I thought these might work.)
        PING-PONG
        REVERSE
        COMPLETE
        STILL

Ok, I'm off to play with the Optics functions now.  I plan to spend some
time with it and get back to you with any confusions that still exist in
my befuddled mind.

Bug Alert!  Spiral Tool causes instant crash in version 227.

Seeya.

& 