Compress
Copyright 1991 by Dr.  Laurence D.  Preble
(all rights reserved)
Overview

These two POCO files address a problem which crops up when
creating Animations from frames acquired with a Video
Digitizer or Frame Grabber.  The Animation file can be huge!
Huge files are undesirable for two reasons:  1.  They take
up a lot of precious memory.  2.  Playback speed suffers
greatly.

The problem does not have to exist.   It exists only because
a lot of unnecessary information is stored when creating an
Animation with a Frame Grabber.  The unnecessary information
is Video Noise.  In Autodesk Animator or Animator Pro, 100
identical frames do not require much more memory space than
only one frame.  That is because Animator saves only the
CHANGES from frame to frame.  So, if the frames all look the
same, why bother saving extra space for each one?
Unfortunately, if you turn on your Video Frame Grabber and
point it at a perfectly still scene and grab 100 frames and
then import those 100 frames into Animator, you end up
eating MEGABYTES of disk space.  Why? Because Video Frame
Grabbers are not perfect.  Each pixel in the picture may
fluctuate very slightly in color or intensity from frame to
frame.  Even a very slight fluctuation is enough to require
Animator to note the change and therefore take up memory.
This fluctuation in the intensity or color of a pixel is
called Video Noise which is responsible for creating the
Megabyte Monster file, filled with unnecessary pixel
fluctuations.

We can fix this problem with COMPRESA.POC or COMPRESB.POC.
These two POCO routines filter out the random pixel
fluctuations thereby greatly reducing memory requirements
and greatly enhancing performance or playback speed.  Each
utility has slightly different features.  Read the
description of each to decide which you wish to use for a
particular application

COMPRESA.POC

This utility gives plain vanilla compression.  But it will
give good compression to any Frame Grabbed Animation file,
even if the camera was moving during the frame capturing
process.  Best results, however, are always obtained when
the camera is stationary because then the background is
stationary, requiring fewer changes to be processed from
frame to frame.

Here is how it works:  Each pixel in the current frame is
compared to the same pixel in the last frame.  If the pixel
changes only slightly (noise), COMPRESA forces the pixel not
to change at all.  Then it goes to the next frame and does
the same thing over and over until the whole Animation file
has been filtered and compressed.

When you start the program, it will allow you to set a
threshold for the filter as well as how much screen area to
check for noise at a time ("Filter Block Size").  Try a
threshold of 300 to 400 and a "Filter Block Size" of 1 for
starters.  A "Filter Block Size" of 1 is by far the fastest
mode to execute.  A larger "Filter Block Size" looks at
other pixels next to the current pixel to help decide if the
fluctuation it sees is truly noise or real movement.  That
is, if one pixel fluctuates only slightly, it is probably
noise, but if several pixels next to each other change their
values slightly, it may be real movement in the picture.
Use higher levels of "Filter Block Size" to reduce the
number of "stray pixels" left over after the filtration
process.  A "Filter Block Size" of 16 to 24 gives best
overall noise cancellation although speed of execution is
reduced.

COMPRESB.POC

This utility requires that the Animation be captured using a
perfectly still Video Camera.  Use a tripod.  Also, the
first frame in the Animation should contain nothing but
stationary background image.

Once you meet these requirements, COMPRESB.POC offers some
features not available with COMPRESA.POC.  First, you can
swap the background scene with something else if you desire.
Suppose you have digitized a few dozen frames of a baby
taking its first steps.  Now you can substitute any
background:  the beach, the roof of your house, outer
space!.  Just put the background that you wish to swap into
the Swap Screen buffer (Clip Screen).  COMPRESB will remove
the video noise and also swap the backgrounds.

Hint:  Better results are obtained if your foreground object
contrasts sharply with the original background.  If you do
not have high contrast, you could also increase the "Filter
Block Size" to compensate and produce better separations.

Here is how it works:  Each pixel in the current frame is
compared to the same pixel in the FIRST frame of the
Animation.  If the pixel fluctuates only slightly, COMPRESB
forces it to stay remain unchanged.  Then, if a new
background exists in the Swap Screen, it is pasted under the
foreground.  Foreground, by the way, is defined here as that
portion of the image which is different from Frame #1.

Registration

Compress is not free.  You must register after the 30-day
evaluation time period.

Compress is a Shareware product.  It is distributed through
public access channels so that perspective buyers can have
the opportunity to evaluate the product before making a
decision to buy.  If you decide to use this software then
you are under both legal and moral obligation to register it
with the author.  But if you decide not to use it after
evaluating the software, you are under no obligation.  It is
fully protected by State, Federal and International
copyright laws.

If you continue to use Compress after the 30-day evaluation
time period you must register it.
    Registration Fee :   $ 25.00 US
               $ 28.00 CAD

To register your copy of Compress, address your order to us
and mail along with your cheque or money order in US or CAD
to the address indicated below

When you register, you will receive the program diskettes of
the current version with your registration number on it and
any annoying registration reminder functions removed.
Registration entitles you continue using the current version
and all future versions.

As a registered user, you can write to us if you have
questions or problems.  We appreciate suggestions and ideas;
most new features will come from user feedback.

License

You are free to copy and distribute Compress for NON-
COMMERCIAL use IF:

    NO FEE IS CHARGED FOR USE, COPYING OR DISTRIBUTION, AND
IT IS NOT MODIFIED IN ANY WAY.

Computer user groups or clubs may make copies of Compress
for distribution to members for a fee that covers copying
and other administrative costs.  Bulletin Board Systems
(BBS) that operate through subscription fees may post
Compress for download by its subscribers.

Disk distributors of Shareware or User-Supported software
may distribute Compress, which includes the utility programs
and the documents, for a fee under US $8.00 which covers
copying and other written permission from the author.

Multi-user License

Dr. Preble's Programs offers multi-user licenses to schools,
companies  and associations.  Orders for 10 or less users
include the same amount of Compress programs on disk.  For
orders of 11 or more users, a master copy of Compress is
provided and the licensee is responsible for copying the
disks.  The price are as follows:

Number of Users:   Price (US)  Discount

    1 - 10     @ $ 25.00     (no discount)
    11 - 20    @ $ 22.50     10 %
    21 - 50    @ $ 20.00     20 %
    51 - 100   @ $ 17.50     30 %

Send check, money order, MasterCard or Visa to
     Dr.  Preble's Programs
     6540 Outer Loop
     Louisville, Kentucky 40228
     (502) 969-1818 (Answered Mon, Wed, Fri: 10 AM to 6 PM
Eastern)

Disclaimer

This program is provided AS IS without any warranty,
expressed or implied, including but not limited to fitness
for a particular use.
