Draw!
Copyright 1991 by Dr.  Laurence D.  Preble
(all rights reserved)
Overview

This POCO software starts with a single still frame and
creates an animation which looks like an artist is painting
a picture, brush stroke by brush stroke.  Here is an example
of use:  Recently, I digitized a 640 X 480 frame from a
video of my son with "Santa Claus."  I used this POCO
software to turn that single frame into a 1700 frame
animation which looked like an artist painting the picture
bit by bit.  I was able to control the speed of the artwork,
the brush thickness and which parts got "painted" first,
Santa's beard, then his hand, then my son's face, then
Santa's face and finally the background.  The animation was
then recorded to video tape.  When the entire picture was
painted, I switched to the live image on the video tape so
that the impression was of the painting ending and then
popping to life, a very effective beginning for our
Christmas tape.  This type of animation requires very little
memory; so, feel free to create animations of virtually any
length.

How to Use Draw!

Copy DRAW!.POC to your resource directory.  Load or create a
picture in Frame # 1 within Animator Pro.  Set the thickness
of your brush, 30 pixels is recommended.  Activate the
DRAW! software.  Select the brush stroke length, 10
pixels or more is recommended.

Now, use your mouse or digitizer pen to "erase" the picture
you see, in whatever order you wish and with whatever type
of stroke you wish to use, wavy, straight, spiral, etc..  As
you move the mouse or digitizing pen, the picture will
disappear bit by bit.  When you are done, press the right
mouse button (or digitizer equivalent), then wait while
DRAW! generates the frames.

When it is done, you will have a complete DRAW! animation
which will recreate the scene in the same order and stroke
style with which you erased it.

Registration

Draw! is not free.  You must register after the 30-day
evaluation time period.

Draw! is a Shareware product.  It is distributed through
public access channels so that perspective buyers can have
the opportunity to evaluate the product before making a
decision to buy.  If you decide to use this software then
you are under both legal and moral obligation to register it
with the author.  But if you decide not to use it after
evaluating the software, you are under no obligation.  It is
fully protected by State, Federal and International
copyright laws.

If you continue to use Draw! after the 30-day evaluation
time period you must register it.
    Registration Fee :   $ 15.00 US
               $ 20.00 CAD

To register your copy of Draw!, address your order to us and
mail along with your cheque or money order in US or CAD to
the address indicated below.

When you register, you will receive the program diskettes of
the current version with your registration number on it and
any annoying registration reminder functions removed.
Registration entitles you continue using the current version
and all future versions.

As a registered user, you can write to us if you have
questions or problems.  We appreciate suggestions and ideas;
most new features will come from user feedback.

License

You are free to copy and distribute Draw! for NON-COMMERCIAL
use IF:

    NO FEE IS CHARGED FOR USE, COPYING OR DISTRIBUTION, AND
IT IS NOT MODIFIED IN ANY WAY.

Computer user groups or clubs may make copies of Draw! for
distribution to members for a fee that covers copying and
other administrative costs.  Bulletin Board Systems (BBS)
that operate through subscription fees may post Draw! for
download by its subscribers.

Disk distributors of Shareware or User-Supported software
may distribute Draw!, which includes the utility programs
and the documents, for a fee under US $8.00 which covers
copying and other written permission from the author.

Multi-user License

Dr. Preble's Programs offers multi-user licenses to schools,
companies  and associations.  Orders for 10 or less users
include the same amount of Draw! programs on disk.  For
orders of 11 or more users, a master copy of Draw! is
provided and the licensee is responsible for copying the
disks.  The price are as follows:

Number of Users:   Price (US)  Discount

    1 - 10     @ $ 15.00     (no discount)
    11 - 20    @ $ 13.50     10 %
    21 - 50    @ $ 12.00     20 %
    51 - 100   @ $ 11.50     30 %

Send check, money order, MasterCard or Visa to
     Dr.  Preble's Programs
     6540 Outer Loop
     Louisville, Kentucky 40228
     (502) 969-1818 (Answered Mon, Wed, Fri: 10 AM to 6 PM
Eastern)

Disclaimer

This program is provided AS IS without any warranty,
expressed or implied, including but not limited to fitness
for a particular use.
