SEMANTICS


As far as I'm concerned, the Palette Editor menu is complete,
except for Blend, and the following (functional) inconsistencies:

Color: Rename Thread to something (it conflicts with Trade
Clusters).  ---done

Color: Value drop-down - Ramp, Cut, Paste should all respond to
the state of [All][Cluster] buttons. 
---done except for ramp.  Ramp's going to stay the way it is because
   I'm ornery.


Color: Arrange/Cycle should respond to state of both the [Fit]
button, and the [All][Cluster] buttons.  (Aside from being
consistent, one practical use is that there have been several
times I wanted to cycle the whole palette to get the color in
register 255 into register zero, without affecting the picture.)
---responds to fit.  Cluster/all no effect.

Color: Value/Squeeze - It's fine with me that this doesn't
respond to the [Fit] button.  Wouldn't make sense otherwise.

Color: Undo & Restore should apply only to color changes and not
to screen image changes. 
--- this isn't going to change.  What's a color change and what 
isn't is pretty ambiguous what with the fit button making the pixels remap.

------------------------------------------------------

Cel drop-down: I'd say my biggest concern is with the Cel drop-
down.   The problems are:

     1)   View Cel doesn't describe the function, is toward the
          bottom of the drop-down, and doesn't have a single-key
          equivalent.  --- Ok, we're back to move.  'M' key equiv.

     2)   Paste Cel uses yet one more different mouse-click
          combination, and no longer has a single-key equivalent.
		  --- Deal with it.  I like it this way.  Key equiv is `
		  (which is between escape and tab on most keyboards.

     3)   Mask Cel is destructive.  --- Really not worth it to change.
	      As you say it's not a common function.  Lots of code to make
		  it a mode.  I'll rename it to '1 color' to avoid conflict with
		  move.

I think the four most-used cel functions are Clip, Get, Move, and
Paste (almost in that order).  Fast cel manipulation is
important, so the single-key equivalents for the first four
functions is also important.  I'd really like to see 'Move Cel'
on this menu.  Throughout the tutorials, this function will be
used to tell the user how to position the cel on the screen. 
(View Cel is not the same as View Frame or View Alt.)  So that
leaves us with the conflict with both Mask Cel, and the Move
Tool.  The Move Tool can be renamed Tweak, or whatever.  As for
Mask Cel...
--- Move Tool is staying the move tool.  It describes what it does
    better than anything else.  I really think our users can deal
	with the same word meaning two slightly different things
	in two different contexts.  After all they are not complete idiots
	you know.  Besides it's not nearly as bad as all those 'clips'
	and 'pastes' everywhere.

	In your doc's if you want to make the distinction
	clear you could refer to them as 'Move Cel' and 'Move Tool'.

Mask Cel is seldom used, but when it is, it would be best if it
were non-destructive, and it needs to be available with the
Optics moves, as well as on a single frame. (If I were to give
those last two priorities, I'd say it were more important to use
a masked cel in Optics than for it to be non-destructive.)  I
still think Mask Cel would work best as a mode on the Cel Options
menu.  As long as it sits in the Cel menu, it causes more
problems than it's worth.

Paste Cel needs a new keyboard equivalent.  I'll miss [P], but we
can get by with a different key.  As far as the mouse-clicks are
concerned, I still have to look at all the other clicks.  The new
Paste clicks work well for me, maybe they can be applied to some
of the other functions to increase consistency.

I think the Cel functions would make the most sense listed in the
following order:

     Clip
     Get
     Move
     Paste
     Below
     Stretch
     Turn
     Options...
     Release
     Files...

Trace: I'd really like to see 'Get Changes' become 'Clip
Changes,' since Clip really describes what it does.  If we can
only find an alternative to Change Next (which doesn't really
work, anyway).  But I still haven't thought of anything, so this
remains on the list until one of us thinks of something.
--- ok.  Change next became repeat changes.

Tools: Sep. - change Close to Near, and Close Threshold to Near
Threshold to match Near Colors.
--- done.  Close is a little too near to closed.

Effects/Dither: Change to Lace, Granulate, etc. (so it doesn't
conflict with the Ink parameter).
--- done.  Lace it is.

Effects/Trail: Dialog that now contains: 1. Transparent, 2. Zero
Clear, 3. Ink 0 Clear, 0. Cancel; should be changed to: 1. Use
Ink, 2. Key Color Clear, 3. Register 0 Clear, 0. Cancel.  (CAN WE
GET BY WITH ONLY KEY-COLOR AND DROP REGISTER ZERO ALL TOGETHER?)
--- Use ink is not a semantic change first of all.  Second I'm not
   going to do it.  Not horribly useful and a lot of work.

Mask: On the Mask menu, change Free to Release.
--- Done.

Time/Optics:  Change Time [OK] to [Render], and Optics [Render]
to [Use].  Since the actual rendering on any multi-frame action
is always done from the Time Select menu, it seems more logical
to replace the [OK] button in the Time Select menu with [Render]. 
This will make its function clearer, and the button will describe
a more active function than [OK].  Likewise, the current [Render]
button in the Optics menu does not describe its function, since
it actually takes the user to the Time Select menu, where they
can preview the action, then return to the Optics menu to
readjust some of the parameters.  I think the Optics button
should say [Use].
--- I've mixed feelings about this, but ok, it's done.

Vpaint drop-down:  The Optics menu should be in this drop-down
along with the other menus.  (Probably the Time Select menu
should be here also, but I haven't been able to think of a non-T
title for the Titling menu.)
--- I disagree.  The Vpaint drop-down is long enough for one thing.  The
    first two menus have a lot of items that really could be on one or
	the other.

Tools: Change 'Curve' to 'Spline'
--- Nope.  Curve is less techy than spline.  Everyone knows what a curve is.
    Why needlessly use words people don't know?  There's a million types of
	splines too, so you can't really claim 'spline' describes it any
	more precisely.
