[:BUGS]

VP BUGS:
(X = fixed; last housekeeping 2/22,v221)
v221
X    Paste: Paste only works with Opaque Ink.
X    Paste: Aborted paste moves Cel position.
-    Color: Matrix/Cycle ignores All/Cluster setting.
O    Color: Squeeze ignores Fit status.
X    Text: Press [Return] twice while typing to crash to bad
     Start_Cookie.
v220
X-   Color: Line cluster draws through to restore buffer.  (Only
     noticeable when restore image is different from current
     image.)
-    Color: During color selection, although indicator dots and
     _most_ of the grid are no longer selectable, when the white
     cluster boxes, or the red indicator box are in the top row,
     their upper line (at the border of the bottom of the matrix
     and menu) _is_ selectable.
-    Color: Auto maintenance of last five slots for menu colors
     causes real problems when those colors are used in the
     picture image.  I suspect the tolerance is too low right now
     for what constitutes a readable menu.  Example:
     -    Load NAGEL12.GIF.
     -    Tint All palette 50% to black.
     -    Result: There are plenty of available (though dim)
          colors, but the palette colors have been forced into
          the NAGEL pic.
v213
-    Paste Below leaves images across all frames, and seems a bit
     wierd with either the key color or register zero.  (This
     seems to depend on the fli.  The below example with
     Balls.fli is erratic.  I've got a fli called Fuzz that does
     it every time.  Example:
     -    Load Balls.fli
     -    Cel/Get one of the balls.
     -    Cel/Below the ball, but move it first so it's halfway
          in the path of the moving balls.
     -    When you do get the ball pasted, play back the
          animation, and the ball remains over all frames, except
          where any moving images erase it.
X-   Mask Cel generates false color if cel is clipped from
     different palette.
v211
X-   Browse screen redraws.
-    Optics: When in 'First,' Default Center doesn't visually
     position axis to center of graphic element.
v209
-    To Segment links pastes the first frame image to the frame
     you're on.  (This is the one I kept running into in the
     training session.)  Example: You do a move over 20 frames of
     20 frames.  Go to frame #20 and create 40 total frames.  Do
     a move over segment 21-40.  When the rendering is complete,
     the image in frame #1 will be stuck in frame #20.  Do a
     Frame Restore to get where you really want to be.
-    Poly Tool: One segment is missing on Reuse.  This is an old
     bug I thought had been fixed, but it's still there:
     -    Draw a five or six-point un-filled poly on frame #1 of
          about twenty frames.
     -    Clear the frame.
     -    Turn on Multi-frames, then Reuse and move all the
          points.
     -    Do a Preview, then a Use from the Multi-Frame menu.
     -    One line of the poly will not be drawn in the first
          frame of the animation.
-    Titling: Horizontally scrolling text wraps on itself if one
     end of the window is moved partially off the left or right
     side of the screen.
X-   Palette Editor: Force Ramp ignores color register zero; you
     can't pick it up as either the Start or Stop color.
X-   Optics: Spin/Turns sliders seem to no longer be calculating
     the fractions properly.  Example: Set 183 using [1/360];
     when you then click on the [1] button, the slider will read
     1.  This would have been zero before.  Are they rounding?
-    Optics: Spin Small sets the Move Z axis to 640, beyond its
     500 max. value.  (This is an old bug that was never
     documented.)
1/23, v206
X-   Optics: Clock path is broken.  No matter what size the
     resident fli, the clock appears briefly, as if there were
     only a couple of frames.
X-   Optics: Axis graphic is pasted to screen if you first move
     it during centering, then right-click to abort.
X-   Time menu: Should right-click on total frames to enter
     numeric dialog. (I know, this is not a bug, it's an
     inconsistency.  But it's been driving me crazy so I thought
     I'd put it in here.)
X-   Optics: Negative numbers still creeping to zero after
     wireframe preview.
-    Palette Cycle playback snow at high speed.
X-   Grid Paste doesn't pick up the cluster range on gradient ink
     pastes until some other tool (such as Box) has defined the
     screen area.  To dup: Boot a virgin VP (delete the RAM temp
     files first).  Put a gradient in the current and active
     cluster.  Select V Grad Ink, then Paste Grid.  The grid
     should paste with multiple colors that are not part of the
     cluster.  Now, use the Box Tool to put a 3-inch gradient box
     in the center of the screen.  Paste the Grid again, and the
     scan area including the box will be right, but the rest of
     the screen will still be wrong.  (PS - It's not really
     necessary to boot with a virgin VP, but the bug is
     inconsistent otherwise.)
X-   Glow Ink seems very broken.
X-   Sep. Range is also broken.
X-   Optics/Size: When using the mouse to increase the size along
     any axis, the related slider increases the Reduce slider
     instead of reducing the Enlarge slider, e.g., the Y-axis
     Enlarge slider might read 163.
-    Palette Editor: Both Restore and Undo are restoring and
     undoing paint applications as well as color changes --
     including any change to the screen, such as a new picture. 
-    Although the default cel center axis now stays with the cel
     after a move (fix from previous bug), the new graphic axis
     is left behind.
1/15,v199
-    Composite: Overlay (keep current colors) alters certain
     colors of the incoming fli screen depending on which
     register is in the Key Color slot -- making it near
     impossible to establish a clear Key Color for the incoming
     fli.
-    Composite: Overlay (Combine Colors) alters the key color
     register (and its color).
X-   Trails: Still getting Out of Memory from Trails.  This time,
     alternating between Trails and setting a Spline path in the
     Optics menu.  Keep getting Out of Memory on first attempt to
     draw spline path.
X-   Microsoft Mouse: The Microsoft Mouse control panel uses
     color registers #0 and #15, both of which are black in the
     Video Paint default palette, so the control panel is a
     stylish black-on-black, and thus, invisible.  Easiest fix is
     to change the default RGB value of color register #15. 
     You'll probably find the control panel (CPANEL) in your
     MOUSE1 directory on C:.  Type CPANEL to install it; type
     CPANEL OFF to deinstall it.  Once it's installed, hold down
     [Ctrl][Alt] and press either mouse button to display the
     control panel.  It's designed to adjust the mouse
     sensitivity.
1/9, v195 (including housekeeping)
X-   In the Optics menu, set any of the Turns sliders to a minus
     number.  When you Preview the move, the sliders will move
     one step toward zero.  (The preview move, however, will not
     be affected.)
X-   Got a "divide by zero" error while adjusting something in
     the Timing menu.  Couldn't repeat it.  Will report again if
     I find it.
X-   Text: [Tab] no longer jumps ahead.  Now, it doesn't work as
     a [Tab].  But, main problem is it generates a carriage
     return on next keypress.
X-   Enlarge all the way no longer generates instant divide-by-
     zero crash, but... If you try it on a cel about 1-inch
     square from the center of a 19-frame anim, and actually
     render it, you'll get a cookie: 93/6a9e0004.
X-   Floppy drive bug still very much alive on my system.
X-   An erratic bug keeps appearing after a period of use where
     you can't enter either the Optic or the Palette menus.  Quit
     and rerun the program to fix it.
X-   Still having problems with Move to First.  I lost my
     wireframe cel completely after using it.  (It was probably
     somewhere far off the screen.)
-    Initial display frame of incoming composite file uses
     register zero as clear instead of current Key color.
12/28, v186
-    Color Undo does not work on Interface color changes.
-    Spliced FLI takes on speed of resident FLI.  (Not sure
     whether this is a bug, a feature, or a whole can of worms. 
     I suspect the latter.)
X-   Moving the Rotate cel translates the Cel position, but
     moving the Stretch cel leaves the Cel position alone. (Would
     be better if neither Rotate nor Stretch altered the original
     Cel position.)
v176
-    Curve tool, when used with H and V Grads, picks up extra
     colors beyond the boundary defined by the control points.
v170
-    Move to First isn't reseting the tracks properly for the
     first mouse move.
12/9/88,v168
X-   File menus and Browse are not working properly with floppys
     drives again.  With disk in B: (my 3-1/2"), I select the B:
     path from the Browse menu and the drive light comes on...
     and stays on.  VP never finds the directory.  The only way
     out is to remove the disk and wait for time out.  (Haven't
     tried this on drive A, don't have any 5-1/4" disks right
     now.)
12/7/88,v166
X-   Optics: X & Y axes are backwards for the entire Spin/Turns
     section (both sliders and buttons).
X-   3D F/X: Clear Track does not clear Size/Center (though it
     seems to work for all others).
12/01/88, v162
-    File Menu filename field: This should only be changed when
     the first FLI loaded has been replaced by a new FLI --
     presumably only by a Load operation, or by the user
     specifying a new filename during a Save operation. 
     Currently, VP picks up the filename from _any_ operation in
     the Browse Menu (View, Info, Kill), and from any Overlay or
     Splice operation.  (The only one of these that might be iffy
     would be a Splice to Start, but I suspect even then that the
     name of the original file loaded should be maintained.)
11/27/88, v160
X-   Palette Editor: The double-pixel (black/white) indicator
     dots are being read by the cursor during operations such as
     Set Range, etc.  You may think you're selecting the color in
     the slot, but you're actually selecting white -- or black.
11/22/88, v156
X-   Palette Editor: Undo doesn't undo the RGB/HLS slider
     positions.
-    Can't use macros (realtime or otherwise) with optic moves.
     During Preview or Render the macro moves continue and it
     jumps ahead of itself.
11/21/88, v155
-    Transparent Cross Fade does a best fit when not asked to.
X-   Browse: Click on Path in Browse menu overwrites a portion of
     the screen with a copy of the path field.
11/15/88, v148
X-   Rotate reacts to Stencil, Stretch does whole different
     thing:  If using Opaque Ink, it ignores Stencil.  If using
     another Ink, like Glass, it applies that ink in the Stencil
     area and applies Opaque Ink in non-Stencil area.

